bot = getBot()
bot.move_x = 3
bot.move_y = 1
bot.reconnect_interval = 20
bot.collect_interval = 25
bot.object_collect_delay = 0
bot.collect_range = 4
bot.collect_path_check = true
rotation = bot.rotation
rotation.break_x = 12
rotation.break_y = 1
rotation.custom_position = true
rotation.auto_jammer = false
rotation.dynamic_delay = true
rotation.pnb_in_home = false
rotation.ignore_plant = false
rotation.auto_fill = true
bot.anti_toxic = true
bot.auto_ban = false
bot.rest_interval = 600
bot.rest_time = 60
bot.auto_rest_mode = true
rotation.break_interval = 0.17
rotation.plant_interval = 0.16
rotation.harvest_interval = 0.16
rotation.warp_interval = 16
--bot.custom_status = ""
bot.wear_storage = "STRARIO|VRI877ZE21"
function generateRandomString(length)
    local charset = "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ0123456789"
    local result = {}
    math.randomseed(os.time())
    for i = 1, length do
        local rand = math.random(1, #charset)
        result[i] = charset:sub(rand, rand)
    end
    return table.concat(result)
end

function rotasi_up()
    if not rotation.clear_objects then
        rotation.clear_objects = true
    end
    if rotation.harvest_until_level then
        rotation.harvest_until_level = false
    end
    if not rotation.auto_fill then
        rotation.auto_fill = true
    end
end

function rotasi_down()
    if rotation.clear_objects then
        rotation.clear_objects = false
    end
    if not rotation.harvest_until_level then
        rotation.harvest_until_level = true
    end
    if rotation.auto_fill then
        rotation.auto_fill = false
    end
end

local lastStatusResetTime = os.time()

while true do
    if bot.level >= 12 then
        if bot.custom_status ~= "DONE INJECT" then
            rotation.enabled = false
            bot:warp("START")
            sleep(20000)
            bot.custom_status = "DONE INJECT"
            rotation.enabled = true
        end
        rotasi_up()
        -- bot.auto_wear = true
    else
        rotasi_down()
        bot.custom_status = ""
    end
    if bot.level < 2 then
        rotation.enabled = false
    elseif bot.level == 2 then
        rotation.enabled = true
    end
    sleep(10000)
end
